Blog post about API documentation rollout (#411)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2023-06-06-openapi-documentation.md

The main steps are:

- Declare the new endpoint in [OBS-v2.10.50.yaml](https://github.com/openSUSE/open-build-service/blob/master/src/api/public/apidocs/OBS-v2.10.50.yaml). Please keep the alphabetical order.
- Define the endpoint in YAML format under the [paths/](https://github.com/openSUSE/open-build-service/tree/master/src/api/public/apidocs/paths) directory.
- Make use of the already-defined [components](https://github.com/openSUSE/open-build-service/tree/master/src/api/public/apidocs/components) (parameters, responses, schemas) when possible.

You can also have a look to [closed pull requests](https://github.com/openSUSE/open-build-service/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22Documentation+%3Abook%3A%22+is%3Aclosed) to take what others did before as an example.

Enjoy the new docu 📖 and keep the feedback and contributions coming, please. It will help the whole OBS community.

{% include partials/_how-to-give-us-feedback.md %}

> And a wholeheartedly thank you to everyone that has contributed and gave us feedback during the development of this new documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A wholehearted thank you to everyone that created the now discontinued API documentation, and also to those who have contributed and given us feedback during the development of this new documentation.
```

Author: It's clearer now. You meant "the former API" and not our first contributions to the new one. I misunderstood before, sorry. Adding the change...
